#summary One-sentence summary of this page.
#labels C,desktop,offlinemaps

= Introduction =

staticmaptest is desktop part of this solution, which loads Maps data in browser control and dumps into a xml, so that mobile version can use it.

note that these are just raw example and you should borrow only idea from this code to use in your application.

== How To Export an XML Using Desktop Version? ==
  # Run desktop version and enter the directions
  # Click button step1 (hold for few seconds, page will load)
  # Click button step2 (hold for few seconds, page will load)
  # Click Export button to export an XML file.
  # Once the direction-info is extracted, you can export this in an xml file by clicking "export direction info button"

Note: you need to keep this xml file in the same location on mobile where your executable is. executable reads all XML from its own directory.


== How Code Works? ==
Map and direction info will be pulled by a peer Desktop application which will export all these information in an XML file. This XML file will have these 2 Items
  # Static Map Images covering the track (at zoomed & top level)
  # Direction steps and description.
Static map images can be downloaded from Google using there [http://code.google.com/apis/maps/documentation/staticmaps/ static map API]. Direction steps and descriptions can only be downloaded via a AJAX API. Since I had only AJAX way of getting this data, I created a [http://code.google.com/p/pocketnavigator/source/browse/trunk/staticmaptest/DirectionsTest.html webpage] which can do all necessary DOM operation using JavaScript.  Once the DOM is populated i can easily grab the data from C# API (Web browser control + GetElementByID APIs).


Class [http://code.google.com/p/pocketnavigator/source/browse/trunk/PocketDashboard/MapUtillityClasses/StaticMapOverLay.cs StaticMapOverLay] is representing static image , its serializable class, and can be serialized from XML , on mobile app.
On Desktop side it populates its data from web automatically if you provide Lat & Lag(of center) and size. See different constructor for detail.

Class [http://code.google.com/p/pocketnavigator/source/browse/trunk/PocketDashboard/MapUtillityClasses/DirectionInfo.cs DirectionInfo] is Toplevel class, contains few static images & steps of direction. 
You can call function {{{GetDirectionDiscriptionFromLocation(LatLng loc)}}} to get the direction description.


----------

*Frequently Asked Questions*<br>
*Question*:How desktop APP and Mobile APP communicate with each other? use USB cable ? and how the mobile app read data from the computer app via the USB? <br>
*Answer*: No they don't communicate. XML file exported by desktop application will be read by mobile app (completely disconnected).